Move balances description to accounts help (#1216)
polkadot-js/apps: packages/app-accounts/src/md/basic.md

An account is identified by its public address on the network. The network will **not** know about the name you give to this account in this app. It is totally fine to give away this address, this is also the only information needed to receive funds.

# Balances

> The balances for each account is broken down tinto a number of areas, giving an overview of the totals, transferreable funds and the funds locked and availabel for unlocking. These are -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The balances for each account is broken down into a number of areas, giving an overview of the totals, transferable funds and the funds locked and available for unlocking. These are -
```
